in that encounter the technician made
dresses and bow dress holland
half plan one king
after saving a villavicencio morán in
the medium goes off go Alvarez in the
attack the first half hour was a go and
come from the ball accompanied by the
cries of the weak fan who suffered
because the goal did not come
the suffering was greater when the 31
minutes andrés bailan gonzález
put the ass to 0 favorable to those of
Julian
from one the despair is
he installed a divine bar
they knew that if they lost they would have lost the
category irremediably despite the
delivery of players and fans in the
Input yard
but no
at 8 minutes of the complementary thousand
are álvarez was the world succeeded one
noisy
Y
from then on no one will
interested if municipal played well what
All they wanted the fans was a goal
more they knew that in matute alliance in go
to Europe or they were tying one by one
with that combination of results not
however, the minutes
they advanced and those of very were not capable
to arrive clearly on the arch that
defended Gustavo Roverano
little by little the momentum faded in
his endeavor to finish the game of
tie one
the same result
happened the morning with what
mathematically there was nothing more than
do
municipal in the absence of two dates had
lost the category
the crying settled in the vibe bar
men and women
young boys
nobody could continue
municipal had not been able to finish
and stay in the first division
is the last game in first on 3
municipal sports december lost 3
to 2 against discourage those were
the last goals of Munich in the
first division
no no
on December 8 and was presented by
last time to play the first
It was at the Miguel Calu Stadium
against him is for mons
that afternoon they played Carlos Silvestri
john coughlan edward mafla juanri kids
josé moisela alessandro moral antonio and
matellini a hunosa barbarian made
gargle roberto sore
and many values
the score 0 to 0
in 1967 municipal sportsman lost the
category
a year later the 68 by the hand of
cholo sotil muni champion or in second and
he went back to the first
the year 2000
the beloved municipal lost again the
category
until today his fans dream of
return
See you soon with more practices